feat(gorgone): when pushing engine conf, push centreon_vmware daemon configuration (#1762)
centreon/centreon-collect: gorgone/tests/robot/Readme.md

## Robot tests for Gorgone

RobotFramework is an end to end test framework, used here to test Gorgone.

### setup containers

You need to have docker daemon up and running.

> Every command consider you are at the racine of the centreon-collect repository, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every command, consider you are at the root of the centreon-collect repository, 
```
